we'll just say that bah in
do it's rather the 10th edition of the wharf
54 which is different from 10 years of the
wharf 54 is known that in any case a
event that endures for ten
years it means that it is good when
even a certain resonance this year
This is true even when passing or
still in another sphere I think
that we still really put our
hearts with our soul in this event
and I think that's also what makes
that we are here we always
actually tried to raise the level
of the event each year the pride
For us, this event is
really that the interaction is not the
stars on one side and the audience watching
it's the audience he's as star as
the stars who are on the ground
how i remember added at the beginning h
30 we tend to start so I have
given the evolution and it's nice to be
there today
in a symbolic way for them for
ten years is a good birthday
today
we can not dream of best
under the eiffel tower and with the decor
that there is around it really is very
very high level
this is the first time that Veneto and
heard and there loose by then
and that's more of the president council is
here and it is also played
modern it is there as good the wind he
are a lot of public it bugue young
it's the audience expecting others
others absent but
that this be handed over a lot of
people and also people
different and especially sarah bring back
also a sport mode because we take a
big shot whether it's for example I
think it's basketball in France
is not sufficiently publicized
what can we play teammates is
to pediment the respect there the right to
to be able to chamber others is different
thing another concept but it remains the
same sport all that allows all these
young people to be able to do things
positive
m
and
music sport & lifestyle
but we would not say he has one or
thieves
because paris
Where it all began
I think it's